Of course there are people who like to show off their wealth
Such as Paris Hilton
There are people who would pay 25,000,000 KRW for a Pomeranian puppy.
But they are all celebrities shown on media.
(That doesn’t represent USA. Don’t judge the nation with that.)
Looking from the outside, if we go to Hollywood, LA or New York
There are people who show off their wealth there and in Europe too.
But people are not criticized for that in USA.
In France, you will get scolded right away.
In Europe, bragging about your wealth is very inappropriate behavior.
This bragging about wealth culture came in from USA.
(Getting angry)
So you are saying that it’s an influence from USA?
Then what kind of influence is it?
Influenced by Hollywood movies?
This concept of ‘American Dream’
You need to show people when you wanted to have a huge success and you did in the end.
That showing is ‘American Dream.’
(He is right.) Blair is right.
<Russia is in too>
There was ‘American Dream’ in Russia, too.
It is the same in Russia.
The concept of ‘American Dream’ came in when the country turned into democratic in the 90s.
‘American Dream’ in Russia is
Making a lot of money and show it off to people.
(Can’t take this any more)
The thing about ‘American Dream’ is
None of you are American.
My father migrated to USA.
He did not because he wanted to be rich.
(Not all immigrant aims to become rich.)
Settling down in USA is American Dream
Not showing off wealth
That’s right.
But how it is perceived in Russia is different.
And that’s because of USA?
Tyler Tyler (Ghana joins too)
Atala (?) A-Tala (?) ???
Making a lot of money and showing it off is
All because of USA.
(Getting out of control)
How many are against USA?
It’s all USA’s fault.????
Yes 6 vs whatever 1